1. Custodian
National average salary: $34,387 per year
Primary duties: Custodians ensure that school buildings and facilities are properly cleaned and maintained. They clean classrooms, bathrooms, floors and offices. School custodians also maintain equipment and keep classrooms, bathrooms and gyms properly stocked with necessary equipment.
Read more: Learn About Being a Custodian

2. Teaching assistant
National average salary: $27,896 per year
Primary duties: Teaching assistants help teachers in a classroom by working individually with students, implementing lesson plans and monitoring students' progress. Teaching assistants also help with administrative tasks such as taking attendance, grading tests and administering assignment plans.
Read more: Learn About Being a Teaching Assistant

3. Food service worker
National average salary:$22,930 per year
Primary duties: Food service workers in schools prepare and serve meals to students. They are responsible for maintaining and overseeing the cleanliness of cafeteria and kitchen areas. They may also sell food items to students and process payments.

4. Teacher
National average salary: $45,468 per year
Primary duties: In elementary and primary schools, teachers generally teach one class of students each day about all subjects. In middle school and above, teachers typically specialize in one subject and teach students in-depth lessons. They plan curricula, assign homework, grade tests and instruct classes.
Read more: Learn About Being a Teacher

5. Crossing guard
National average salary: $33,980 per year
Primary duties: Crossing guards help students safely board buses and cross streets at the beginning and end of school days. They direct traffic and encourage cars to stop or drive slowly in school zones. Crossing guards work for different types of schools but are most common in schools with younger students who typically require more assistance to safely cross streets.

6. Sports coach
National average salary: $38,978 per year
Primary duties: A coach works within a school's athletic department, holds tryouts for certain teams and selects a team of athletes from a school's student population. School coaches work with these students to develop their skills, and they also schedule matches against other schools throughout a season. A coach may be responsible for coaching one team, but some coaches coach a different team during each season.

7. School bus driver
National average salary: $44,239 per year
Primary duties: School bus drivers drive students to and from school by arriving and departing from designated bus stops. They may also work additional shifts to drive students home from extracurricular activities. Bus drivers are responsible for maintaining a clean and safe environment on their buses and safely transporting students.
Read more: Learn About Being a School Bus Driver

8. Academic coordinator
National average salary: $48,183 per year
Primary duties: An academic coordinator oversees the academic affairs of a school. They work with teachers to implement curricula and ensure that students are learning and performing well. Academic coordinators also implement new technology and resources in classrooms.

9. Academic adviser
National average salary: $44,719 per year
Primary duties: An academic adviser typically works at a college but may also work in a high school setting. They advise students about academic decisions, including majors, study programs and classes. Academic advisors oversee a student's educational goals and assist them with creating a class schedule.

10. Groundskeeper
National average salary: $36,183 per year
Primary duties: A groundskeeper maintains a school's outdoor areas by trimming lawns, watering bushes, planting flowers and cleaning sidewalks. Groundskeepers also maintain outdoor sports fields such as football and soccer fields. In the winter, groundskeepers may also be responsible for snow and ice removal from parking lots and walkways.
Read more: Learn About Being a Groundskeeper

11. Maintenance technician
National average salary: $49,794 per year
Primary duties: A maintenance technician performs routine maintenance and emergency repairs within school facilities. They address heating and cooling, lighting, plumbing and other issues that require maintenance. They may also perform general cleaning duties during and after a school day.
Read more: Learn About Being a Maintenance Technician

12. School nurse
National average salary: $58,793 per year
A school nurse provides healthcare to students and staff within a school. They evaluate sick students, administer treatment and provide guidance on whether a student's sickness should warrant them leaving school. They also treat injuries that occur due to physical activities or accidents. A school nurse provides health care to students and staff within a school. They evaluate sick students, administer treatment and provide guidance on whether a student's sickness should warrant them leaving school. They also treat injuries that occur due to physical activities or accidents.
Read more: Learn About Being a School Nurse

13. Webmaster
National average salary: $61,267 per year
Primary duties: A webmaster is responsible for developing and maintaining school websites. Some of their duties include writing programming code and performing system tests on school websites. They also work with website providers and school officials to ensure that websites are running efficiently and update them with new information.

14. Special education teacher
National average salary: $56,126 per year
Primary duties: A special education teacher works with students who have disabilities to provide instruction and guidance. They create learning plans, monitor students' progress and provide social and emotional support for students.
Read more: Learn About Being a Special Education Teacher

15. Registrar
National average salary: $50,064 per year
Primary duties: Registrars typically work in college and university settings. They assist students who want to enroll or withdraw from classes. They also process applications for students regarding study abroad trips or exchange programs. Registrars maintain all student records including grades and transcripts and organize this information.

16. Guidance counselor
National average salary: $53,089 per year
Primary duties: A guidance counselor provides support for students who have personal or educational concerns. They offer students resources and help students develop solutions. Guidance counselors may also work with two or more students simultaneously to resolve conflicts.
Read more: Learn About Being a Guidance Counselor

17. Athletic director
National average salary: $65,271 per year
Primary duties: An athletic director oversees the entire athletic department of a school. They manage coaches, team activities and sporting events. An athletic director works with a school's budget to allocate funds to different teams and activities. They also implement policies and regulations and ensure that all sports programs are functioning properly.

18. Vice principal
National average salary: $80,058 per year
Primary duties: A vice principal works closely with a principal to oversee a school's operations. They help a principal implement school policies, and they meet with a school board and other community leaders to discuss educational practices and budgetary matters.

19. Superintendent
National average salary: $91,641 per year
Primary duties: A school superintendent oversees the operations of an entire school district. They coordinate with members of each school in their district to create long-term plans. Superintendents work closely with school board members to make decisions about schools, such as creating new policies and building new school facilities.

20. Principal
National average salary: $101,583 per year
Primary duties: A school principal hires teachers and other staff members, creates and approves curricula and manages a school's budget. The principal collaborates with staff members to ensure that their school is functioning properly. They also enforce school policies and enact disciplinary measures when necessary.
For the most up-to-date salary information from Indeed, click on the link(s) provided.
